These night shifts
have got me tired.
Well. we've got four more hours.
Keep it together.
- Yes. sir.
Sorry. it's just. a
week of nights and I...
I still can't get my
circadian rhythm in line.
And forget about
altering my chronotype
to maximize sleep efficiency.
Well. perhaps it's for the best.
seeing as how we're
getting back on days
now that I finally
paid back everyone
who covered for me
while I was gone.
Hm. [Door buzzes]
Forgetting anything?
- I don't think so.
- You sure?
- 100% sure.
- Good.
How about the suspect?
♪ Whoa. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ I'm gonna win for you
♪ Like I know you
want me to do ♪
[music playing softly]
[door opens]
Hey.
Hi.
Is that a present for me?
Yep. And the beer's for me.
Thank you.
What?
Nothing. I'm... it's just. um.
gift giving isn't really
your love language. so...
Oh. yeah.
What is my love language?
Terse nods. mainly.
Okay. well. I'm trying
to change things up.
Okay. Well. can I open it now?
Yeah. of course.
Oh. my God.
My killed-in-action radio?
Aww.
That is so sweet.
Well. it gave its
life for yours.
so I thought it'd be nice
to memorialize your effort
in the Jeff Budny takedown.
Thank you.
Oops. I-I forgot
it was date night.
I will hide in my room.
You don't have to do that.
No. it's my bad.
What smells so good?
- Paella.
You want me to make you a plate
for your room?
[Cell phone buzzes]
I would say no.
but I'd be lying.
[laughs]
Yep. Bradford.
Who's this?
Understood. I'll be there in 20.
What's going on?
I gotta go. sorry.
- Just wait...
- I can't.
I'll call you when I can.
[ominous music]
What just happened?
I don't know.
Can I do a vodka soda. please?
[upbeat music playing]
Dr. London?
Hi.
Uh...
- It's okay.
I know. uh. seeing a patient
in the wild is tricky.
Sorry. I just had
a whole semester
of ethics classes
flash through my mind.
But if you're okay
talking out in the wild...
Totally. May I?
Mm-hmm.
So do you live around here?
No. I actually live
on the West Side.
I just got done seeing a
movie around the corner.
and. uh. came in here
for a little nightcap.
Drinking alone?
Yeah. but. you know.
I kind of look at it
as a sign of self-assurance.
not so much a cry for help.
What about you?
I... I got stood up.
Who the hell would stand you up?
I mean. you are a
catch and then some.
[laughs]
Sorry. that's inappropriate.
Completely.
But my ego really
appreciated it.
Okay. I should go.
Yeah. Or I could
buy you a drink.
In a total. like.
patient-doctor kind of way.
I really shouldn't.
Right.
One drink.
All right. deal.
What you drinking?
[distant barking]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[door clicks open]
What's up. man?
Thanks for coming.
I had no choice.
If Ray's alive.
we got a problem.
He is. I'm sure.
How?
They found the tags. his DNA.
We saw the air strike.
There's no one who could have
walked away from
something like that.
Yeah. that's what I thought too.
But then a few years ago.
I started hearing stories.
that he was still alive.
working as a gun for
hire around the globe.
So I set up some trip
wires just to be sure.
That's Ray coming
through LAX yesterday.
What the hell's he doing here?
His mom's dying of cancer.
So she's who we're staking out?
Two houses up on the
left. No sign of Ray yet.
So when did Ray give a crap
about anybody but himself?
Doesn't matter.
We made a promise.
That was a long time ago.
Time doesn't erase what he did.
Time doesn't bring back
our friends that he killed.
And we made a vow that if
by some miracle he survived.
we'd kill him.
And I am here to
honor that promise.
Most of these men could be
my dad. some my grandpa.
But I'm supposed to be some
sort of authority figure.
I have cereal for dinner at
least three nights a week.
Oh. So do I.
Mine has dehydrated
marshmallows.
Okay. see. that is a problem.
[chuckles]
I should go.
Yeah. Uh. time to call an Uber.
I mean. I could give you a ride.
Really?
Yeah. it's not a problem.
Okay.
Cool.
This is me.
[music playing over radio]
Thanks for the ride.
Yeah. no problem.
[door clicks open]
Good night.
[gunshots. sirens wailing]
7-Adam-15. multiple
callers report shots fired.
715 Sycamore.
No associated vehicles.
I'll attach two more units.
You got here quick.
We were finishing up a call
around the corner.
heard the shots.
All right. this is
as far as you go.
We'll stage here
until you Code 4 it.
Be safe.
- Right.
Follow me.
All right. be alert.
I know you're tired.
Well. not anymore.
Adrenaline is flowing.
Good. Let's do this.
[tense music]
♪
Juarez.
Go.
♪
What happened here?
Control. 7-Adam-15. two
victims. gunshot wounds.
Still clearing house.
[breathing heavily]
I'll take left. Go.
♪
- [gurgles]
- Officer Nolan!
Hey. ambulance is right outside.
Stay with me.
7-Adam-15. residence is cleared.
Code 4 for fire.
One gunshot wound victim is
unconscious but breathing.
How is she?
- Her pulse is weak.
She could bleed out.
- John?
- Back here.
She's the only one left alive.
[loud thud]
You didn't clear the closet?
Uh. no.
Police. Come out now.
♪
[whimpers]
Oh. Hey.
What are you doing in here?
Come here. Come
here. little one.
[sirens wailing.
helicopter whirring]
What are you doing?
Yeah. I'm sorry.
Hey. look at this.
You don't need to
see that. okay?
- How's the mother?
- Still in surgery.
They're checking in
on the little girl.
No visible injuries.
Yeah. her first name is
Anna. last name Hughes.
Remi's the mom. Ellis the dad.
and the older woman in the
dining room was Grandma Debra.
You think the girl
saw what happened?
Oh. I hope not.
She still hasn't said a word.
I've been in contact with CPS.
They are searching for a family
member to come to the hospital
and take custody of
Anna once she's cleared.
You know. we still have a
whole lot of paperwork to do.
We'll probably stick around.
see how the surgery goes.
Of course. I'll let you
know if anything changes.
Thank you.
Keep me updated to
the minute on this.
A family murdered in
the middle of the night
is gonna keep a lot
of people on edge.
Yes. sir.
Now. about you not
searching the closet.
There's no excuse. sir.
I-I saw the injured woman.
and I put her as a priority
before I finished
clearing the room.
It won't happen again.
See that it doesn't.
If that was the shooter in
there instead of a child.
we'd both be dead.
[somber music]
♪
[line trills]
It's Bradford. You
know what to do.
Hey. it's me.
Um. no idea where
you are right now.
but. uh. I'm here
if you need me.
So just call me when you can.
[cell phone buzzes]
♪
[sighs]
Yeah. there's a back
door. but you gotta go
through the neighbor's
yard to get to it.
And there's no way to
see if Ray's inside.
And... and if he is? Then what?
We hog-tie him and
dump him in deep water?
Well. I was thinking landfill.
but if you got a boat...
- This isn't funny.
Just talking about this
is criminal conspiracy.
I never would have thought the
Reaper would go soft on me.
I ain't going soft.
That pact was made
a long time ago
in the anger and fog of war.
But now...[sighs]
I'm a cop.
You're an army lawyer.
We've built lives.
Yeah. well. what about
Henderson and Coyle?
They never got to build
their lives 'cause of Ray.
They deserve justice.
And we owe that to them.
You okay?
I wasn't much older
when my dad died.
Do you think she knows?
I-I don't know.
Do you think she'd
even understand?
- I don't know.
- Ah.
Her mother's out of surgery.
She flat lined on the table.
but they were able
to get her back.
She's still very
much in the woods.
Any luck finding a relative?
There's no immediate
family in Los Angeles.
but CPS is gonna widen
the search in the morning.
So what happens to her now?
And please don't say
children's shelter.
For the short term. yes.
And if there's no relative
found. then foster care.
Those shelters can be grim.
They're chaotic.
underfunded. understaffed.
I agree.
Not the most ideal
place for a toddler
who just lived through her
family getting slaughtered.
Give me a second.
I got him. I'll get him.
Oh. he landed on his butt.
There we go.
He's all better.
Got him? Here you go.
What do you think?
About what?
I'll be right back.
What about Anna staying
with us tonight?
We aren't registered
foster parents.
It's a process.
I'm aware. but we're
first responders.
I'm sure CPS would
sign off on it.
Anything's better than
those children's shelters.
I don't know about that.
It would be for one night.
or until they find a relative
or a temporary foster situation.
But...[sighs]
But what?
Nothing.
You're right.
You won't regret this.
Luna.
What about Anna coming
home with us tonight?
I don't see why not.
I'll go start making some calls.
see if we can make it happen.
Just like the good
old days. huh?
Staking out a potential target.
hours and hours of nothing.
Just your bad jokes.
Hey. those jokes were
me training to be a dad.
I got two now. Scott and Nancy.
Best kids ever.
Yeah. must take
after their mother.
[chuckles]
We got movement.
Was that Ray or his mom?
Let's go find out.
Hey. you think
that's a good idea?
[door closes]
[tense music]
[knocks on door]
♪
What do you want?
Mrs. Watkins. I'm
Sergeant Tim Bradford.
This is Major Mark Greer.
We'd like to talk to
you about your son.
Well. he's dead.
What else do you need to know?
Do you mind if we come
inside for a second to talk?
I do mind.
We served with Ray. ma'am.
We just need a
moment of your time.
Ugh.
Well. make it quick.
I'm not long for this life.
and I don't want to waste
what's left with you two.
I'm so sorry to hear about
what you've been
going through. ma'am.
I lost my mom to cancer.
Trust me. she's better off.
Would you mind if
I use the bathroom?
Down the hall.
Thanks.
[tense music]
♪
Bradford. you don't need that.
That. uh...
- [exhales]
What's wrong?
You look like
you've seen a ghost.
Yo. Greer.
My God. man. you got old.
I just told them you were dead.
Now you made me
look like an idiot.
Calm down.
You don't look like an idiot.
Mom. why don't you. um.
give us a minute. huh?
You're gonna cry when I die.
We'll see.
[sighs] So
what are you two doing at
a dead guy's house. huh?
Bring you to justice.
Oh. yeah? For what?
For starters. being AWOL.
faking your own death.
felony grand theft.
You stole at least $1/2 million
from the U.S. government.
Can you blame me? I mean.
the CIA was giving away
backpacks of cash.
No one was gonna miss it.
You called in an air strike
on your own guys
when we came for you.
There wasn't enough
of Coyle and Henderson
to fit in a shoebox.
That sounds really bad.
But I know that's not true.
Do you know how I know that?
Because I read the
after action report
that was signed
by the two of you.
The only reason the
report reads that way
is so that your
wife and daughter
could get your death benefits.
[knife clatters]
I never asked for that.
You knew she was about a month
away from "Dear John" -ing me.
But thanks to your
bleeding hearts.
I'm now untouchable.
I mean. you bring
me in right now.
you've got to tell Uncle Sam
about your big lie. right?
And you'll. what.
be retroactively
dishonorably discharged
and most likely
get fired from
your current jobs.
So you can arrest me. it's okay.
Come on.
Here I am.
No? Yeah. that's what I thought.
I'm gonna be here to
watch the old lady croak.
and then get back
to what I was doing.
And we are never going
to see each other again.
How does that sound?
Sweet.
[laughs]
Been really great catching
up with my old war buddies.
Greer.
You really do look old as hell.
That go how you thought
it would. Reaper?
All we accomplished was
letting that guy know
we're coming for him.
Gonna be twice as hard
to take him out now.
It has been a long time since
I've tucked in a toddler.
- How'd it feel?
- Wonderful.
I do think I tweaked my
back just a little bit.
Oh. no.
All right. we are gonna
need to make a list.
Yes. we are.
We need diapers. baby wipes.
Food... Cheerios.
Henry loved Cheerios.
Milk... we're out of milk.
And we need some
baby toys. probably?
Yeah. definitely toys.
And we need to do
some baby proofing.
'cause this is dangerous.
Yeah. okay.
Anything big should
be pulled down.
Uh. these corners
are really sharp.
Pointy things. for sure.
I'm regretting those
succulents now.
How bad do you think this
is gonna screw the kid up?
[camera shutter clicking]
Depends on what you saw and
where she goes from here.
Lila was older than Anna
when she saw me get attacked.
but I always wonder how much
of that stayed with her.
She's one of the most
well-adjusted kids
I've ever met. You
got no worries there.
Any clarity on the parents?
Mom had a suspended
sentence for possession.
Went through a diversion
program successfully
and seems to have been clean.
Father was in and out of jail.
Couple drug cases.
one assault charge.
Is this their past coming back?
Maybe. Although they seemed
to turn things around
since Anna arrived.
Both parents were employed.
kept their noses clean.
All right. we should dig
into their financials.
Things might have gotten tight
with the kid in the picture.
Maybe the dad had
to reach back out
to some of his friends
in the drug business.
Oh. uh. what's that?
Oh. it's Blair's jacket.
She left it in my
car last night.
Oh. do you mind if we. um. stop
by her office to drop it off?
Who's Blair?
My therapist.
You went out with your
therapist last night?
No. we ran into each
other. It was just a drink.
Totally innocent.
Although I was
picking up some vibes.
That crosses so many lines.
You... you know that you're
not supposed to go out
with your therapist. right?
Well. me and Lil'
Gurkin used to hang out
with Dr. Shrink all the time.
Lil'... D... so wait.
wait. wait. what?
Dr. Shrink. That was
my last therapist.
That's just what we called him.
- Okay.
And was this therapist licensed?
[quirky percussive music]
- No.
- What? [Chuckles]
Hey. you think Blair left her
jacket in my car on purpose?
Like. to have an
excuse to see me again?
She does have an excuse
to see you again.
Therapy.
Yeah. [Engine turns over]
She is adorable.
She really is.
You know. when your child
grows up and leaves.
you don't just miss them.
You miss all the
versions of them
like they're all these
separate individual people.
You miss the...
the infant version.
the toddler version. the
skinny 10-year-old version.
And then the man
that Henry's become.
That's why people
keep having kids.
to get back to those
versions they miss.
[knock on door]
- Oh.
They should develop
a time machine.
It'd certainly make
things simpler.
Mm. And cheaper.
And cheaper.
Ah. it's Luna.
- Mm.
- Hey. Nice to see ya.
- Hey.
What's... what's wrong?
Anna's mom. Remi. she
died a little while ago.
[bouncy kids' music playing]
- [exhales heavily]
- [coos]
So what happens now?
We don't have great options.
She'll end up at a
shelter for a week or two
until we can find
a foster family
that will take her in.
Unless...
- Unless what?
Unless you would be
willing to keep her
until we can place
her with a family.
What do you think about that?
I think that's a bad idea.
Would you give us
a minute. please?
Of course.
- What's going on?
- Nothing.
No. not nothing.
Any other day. you are
generous to a fault.
Well. it's... it's
not about that.
I-I want what's best for Anna.
And I think bonding with us
for a few weeks is only gonna
damage her further
on the back end
when. you know. they
pull her away from us.
Okay. Maybe.
But that's not really why
you're hesitating. is it?
When I was 15. I was babysitting
for my four-year-old
neighbor. Ryan.
I got distracted for a second.
And when I turned around.
he was in the pool.
I jumped in. I pulled him out.
He was fine.
But ever since then...
I was almost the reason my
neighbors lost their son.
I'm not mom material.
Okay. Um. I disagree.
But I understand.
Let's just say goodbye to Anna.
Wait.
Okay.
- Are you sure?
I don't want to do this
if you're not comfortable.
How can I make this about me
after everything
she's been through?
Luna. we will take Anna until
you find a family member
or a good foster home.
- That's amazing.
[cell phone buzzes] You're
amazing for doing this.
Oh. sorry. this is Wesley.
I'm just gonna grab this.
- Yeah.
Hey. what's up?
Uh. "what's up?"
it's your deposition
today. Oscar's lawsuit.
Wesley. I completely
forgot. I am so sorry.
Okay. I need you to start
putting these things
in your calendar.
- I am.
I did. I have.
It's... it is. I just...
I-I have so much going on.
Look. it's clearly
a frivolous case.
but until I can
get it dismissed.
you need to take this seriously.
No. you're absolutely right.
I-I am on my way.
Crap.
Oscar's deposition. I forgot.
It should only take
a couple of hours.
I'm so sorry to leave you.
- It's fine. It's fine.
- Are you sure?
I could try to take her with me.
Yeah. don't be
silly. We'll be fine.
And I really want this
Oscar situation behind us.
You and me both.
Thorsen. Chen. what's happenin'?
Smitty. I'm pretty sure
you're not supposed
to be getting in therapy
while you're on shift.
Oh. I'm not a patient here.
It's where I come
to take my breaks.
Plus. they got
top-notch snack age
and the mood is super zen.
Yeah. pretty sure
that's not okay either.
Tomato. to-mah-to.
Snackage. [Laughs]
- That's a new one.
- Yeah. I know.
Officer Thorsen?
I don't have an appointment
with you today. do I?
No. I just. uh. brought
you your jacket.
Oh. you didn't have to do that.
You could have just brought
it to our next session.
Thought you might need it.
Never know. it might be
your favorite jacket.
[chuckles dryly] Thanks.
That was nice of you.
[door closes]
Okay. Well. back to work.
Okay. I'm confused.
[Clears throat]
Are you sure she was
flirting with you last night?
I thought she was.
Were you drinking?
I only had one.
Oh.
Oh. no.
Am I that guy?
- What?
The one that thinks every
girl is hitting on him?
You know who we could ask?
- Who?
- Celina.
- Funny.
- I know.
- Yeah. funny.
- I'm hilarious.
Bye. Smitty.
We're not killing him.
You are looking
at this all wrong.
Ray is already dead.
We're just making sure
he stays that way.
You can hide behind
that idea all you want.
but we both know it'll
give you no comfort
when the nightmares come.
So what?
We let him get away with it?
No.
We come clean...
about everything.
Not a chance. Ray is right.
We say anything. it'll
blow up our lives.
I will lose my
career. my family.
I wouldn't let that
happen. I'll take the fall.
I was squad leader.
It'll all be on me.
I signed those after
action reports too.
I'll say I made you sign 'em.
No one will buy it!
All right. you are
gonna lose everything.
destroy my life. and then
Ray will still be out there.
There is only one
way out of this.
I can't.
And I won't let you.
You would arrest me for
killing that scumbag?
[tense music]
Yes.
♪
Okay.
Then I'm out.
And whatever death and
destruction Ray causes next.
that's on you.
♪
[exhales heavily]
[car door closes]
Well. it's undisputed
that Officer Nolan wanted
to inflict pain on
Oscar Hutchinson.
Untrue.
It is very much in dispute.
Are we keeping you
up. Officer Nolan?
Is my client's life
not important to you?
Sorry. no.
I've been pulling doubles
lately. and last night.
we took home a little girl
whose family had been murdered.
Please strike that
from the record.
Officer Nolan is clearly
trying to paint himself
in a positive light
for the court.
Not at all. though
I can understand
how any act of generosity you
would see as manipulative.
Let's get back on track.
Yes. Let's.
Officer Nolan. would you read
the highlighted text exchange
from the day of the attack
on Oscar Hutchinson?
[sighs]
"Why can't this guy just
get shanked in prison?"
And who did you
send that text to?
My girlfriend at the
time. Bailey Nune.
And who were you referring to?
Who do you wish to see. quote.
"Shanked in prison"?
I don't wish to see anyone...
Just answer the question.
Who were you referring
to in the text?
Oscar Hutchinson.
But this was taken
out of context.
Under what context do you
wish to see my client dead?
And to what lengths
were you willing to go
to make sure that happened?
This is just a man
venting his frustration
about work to his wife.
Nothing more.
- Mm.
Let's move on to
the second text.
shall we. Officer
Nolan. if you please?
- Oh. wow.
- Oh. yes.
This is a cool fort.
don't you think?
- Yes.
- And we can feel
really safe in here. huh?
[gasps] I love seeing you smile.
You can line 'em all up.
[kids' music playing]
Yes. Oh. I would
love to sit closer.
It's pretty cool in here. huh?
Yeah.
[keys jangle. door opens]
Oh. good. you're not dead.
- I'm sorry.
- Not good enough.
I've spent the last 36 hours
imagining you bleeding out
at a variety of Los
Angeles landmarks.
I would have called
you if I could.
Telling me you're
alive is not optional.
What the hell are you into
that's making you so crazy?
- I can't tell you.
- Why?
Because even knowing about
it would put you at risk
with the department.
You committed a crime?
No.
I mean. no. not...
not technically.
But you've done something
that I would be compelled
to report. and if I didn't.
I would get disciplined?
I'm not gonna have
my drama infect you.
Then what are you doing here?
[soft dramatic music]
I-I came to see you.
And what?
Order take-in? Watch TV?
Pretend like nothing's going on?
No. I...
If you are not here to
tell me the truth...
♪
I need you to leave.
Understood.
♪
Hey. how are we doing on
the multiple homicides?
Yeah. we're coming
up empty so far.
No eyewitnesses. not a
lot of doorbell cameras
in that neighborhood.
- Yeah. and we talked
to some coworkers.
and they did confirm
that they had turned
their lives around.
[device beeps]
Now a dead end on ballistics.
No match.
No hits on any of the prints.
We should expand
the canvassing area.
I'll add some units.
widen the grid.
Wait. uh.
it looks like the
Hughes got a payment
every third of
the month for $300
like clockwork.
Drug payments?
Maybe the dad got
back in the game.
You know a lot of junkies
on a payment plan?
So... what?
Rent check?
I mean. they have
had money problems.
And that back room
felt different
than the rest of the house.
There were no personal items.
and it had a dead bolt on it.
Maybe they took on a tenant.
A tenant that disappears
after an entire
family is slaughtered.
Looks like we have a suspect.
Hey. I need your help
figuring out what's
going on with Tim.
- Good morning.
- Morning.
Hi. how are you?
I'm fine. Thanks.
Um. that's a lie.
Okay. so two nights ago.
Tim got this crazy phone
call and then he disappeared.
Then he called in sick.
And now he says that if he
tells me what's going on.
I could get fired.
Well. then I... I
guess it's a good thing
he didn't tell you.
Would you accept that
reasoning from Bailey?
- No.
- Look. if I knew what was
going on. maybe I could
help... we could help.
Right. But if he won't tell you.
I don't see what
choice you have.
[car door closes]
What's going on?
- We ID'd the guy renting
the back bedroom
from the Hughes.
Midnight shift brought him in.
- Uh. I have to...
- N-no. of course.
Good luck.
- Okay. you too.
And I'm here if you need me.
All right. we got warm
milk. sound machine.
We are ready for nap.
Anna?
[unsettling music]
Sweetie? Come on out. sweetie.
We're not playing hide-and-seek.
♪
Anna?
[breathing heavily]
Anna. Honey.
[groans]
Oh. my God.
Where's John?
[line trills]
Hi. it's John Nolan.
Leave a message at the beep.
[voicemail beeps]
Anna. sweetie.
- [coos]
- [gasps]
Oh. sweetie.
You had me so scared.
Oh. come here.
Oh. sweetie. I was so scared.
Okay.
Oh. it's kind of nice in here.
I actually get why you like it.
Where were you
night before last?
Uh. I was at home with my wife.
You can call her.
She'll tell you.
What's your relationship
to the Hughes?
Ellis and I go way back.
Uh. I work in Brentwood.
live in Victorville.
It's about a two-hour
drive on a good day.
I rent a room from them on
the nights that I work late.
But I swear. I would
never hurt them.
You know what happened?
It's all over the news.
Is Anna okay?
She's safe.
Look. I... I know I
should have came forward
and said something. but. look.
I saw what he did to
them. and I was scared.
He?
Yeah. Bad Rod.
[sighs]
Ellis won a lottery
ticket a couple days ago.
was bragging how he hit big.
and Rod seemed real interested.
[intriguing music]
I couldn't find her.
And suddenly. I was 15 again.
and that little boy was
face down in the pool.
I can't believe I ever
thought I could do this.
I understand how that
trauma could imprint on you.
But that little boy was okay.
and so is Anna.
I am terrified I'm
gonna fail her.
We all are.
One time. I accidentally
slammed Dominique's finger
in the sliding glass door.
I can still hear her scream.
- Mm.
You don't have to be perfect
to take care of
this little girl.
You just have to care enough
to get through
the scary moments.
But I can take her
with me. if you want.
No judgment whatsoever.
No. Let her sleep.
You got this.
A lottery ticket?
That's why he killed that
little girl's family?
Not even a lottery ticket.
a scratch-off for $1.500.
If he's willing to kill
three people for $1.500.
what's he gonna do to
stay out of prison?
All right. Nolan. Juarez.
you two cover the back.
You three take the front.
If he doesn't go quietly.
we hold the perimeter
and let SWAT do their thing.
All right. go.
Mom's probably been
searched a dozen times.
tired of having a gun
stuck in her face.
You wanna low-key this?
All right. we're
gonna low-key this.
Roderick may not be home. and
we don't want to traumatize
this woman any more
than we have to.
Roger that. We're in position.
No movement in the house.
LAPD. Mrs. Eaves?
We have a search
warrant for this house
and an arrest warrant
for Roderick Eaves.
He's not here.
That's what that sign says.
I haven't seen or heard
from him in months.
So don't go tearing up my house.
A search warrant
isn't a choice. ma'am.
Please step outside.
[floorboards creak]
Uh. floor gets creaky
after I vacuum.
Yeah. that's not a thing.
Come here.
We have movement inside.
Perimeter hold. We
are making entry.
[thunderous gunshots]
What the hell is he shooting?
High-velocity slug rounds.
Control. we have a
barricaded suspect
with some type of long gun.
Send SWAT to our location.
[gunshots continue]
[car alarms blaring.
dogs barking]
I got an open window.
You want tear gas?
Do it.
[dramatic music]
♪
Cover me.
[gunshot]
♪
[groaning]
Clear.
Control. Code 4.
We have suspect in custody.
Mobilize an RA unit for a GSW.
All right. Everyone okay?
All in one piece.
Hey. hey. You okay?
Heard it got a little
dicey out there today.
Oh. yeah. A bit of
a soup sandwich.
but we all came out all right.
All over a scratch-off ticket?
- Yeah.
- [chuckles]
Oh. hey. I got some
good news for you.
Oscar died?
You have to stop
joking like that.
Even though he stabbed you?
Yeah. fair enough.
A judge granted the
motion to dismiss.
- So it's over?
- For you.
The judge said you had the
lowest tier of culpability.
The sheriff stationed
outside the hospital room
was primarily responsible
for Oscar's safety.
- Wesley. that is great.
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
- I'd say get some sleep.
but I know you got a toddler
at your house. so...
- Oh. yeah. no.
Sleep is out the window.
- Ooh. yeah.
I need to clear the
air on something.
Um. look. the other night...
Totally my fault.
I should never have
said yes to that drink.
It was a violation of our
professional relationships.
and I could get into
a lot of trouble.
T-trust me. you won't. I
would never narc you out.
I know that. but I
never should have
put you in a position
to make that choice.
I understand if you want
to switch therapists.
No.
No. not at all.
Look. you are the first person
that I've ever felt
comfortable opening up to.
and I can't lose that.
You know. so no matter the
the physical
attraction we felt...
Aaron.
I need to make this very clear.
There was and is no
attraction on my end.
I need you to understand that.
Understood. Yeah.
Uh. glad we cleared
the air on that.
[clears throat] See
you next session.
Have a good week.
Thank you. You too.
[door opens and closes]
[Mallrat's "Teeth"]
[camera beeps]
♪
What are you doing?
Nothing. I am not calling.
not searching. not stalking.
I'm just being a good
girlfriend and trusting my man.
Worst country song ever.
Still no word?
I mean. we talked last night.
That's good.
More like I got heated
and he just stood there.
so I don't know.
I'm at a loss.
- I've got an idea.
Let's put a tracker
on his truck.
You... you are a bad influence.
No. You're just a
really good teacher.
Wh-what?
You think I haven't
learned a thing or two
living with a cop who
aced undercover school?
Okay. What have you learned?
Never hold your coffee
with your gun hand.
Yes. that is
actually very useful.
However. you do not have a gun.
So what else?
Keep your head on a swivel.
What is this?
- Oh. balance.
- [laughs]
Good.
♪
♪ In my prayer. I don't speak ♪
♪ But with my hands
and on my knees ♪
♪ When I ask. I receive
♪ Don't play fair.
don't be sweet ♪
♪ It's in the air
that I breathe ♪
♪ Understand it's up my sleeve ♪
♪ Well. in my head.
it's in my sleep ♪
♪ With my hands. in my teeth
Oh. my gosh.
I love what you've done here.
I see a pig. but
I also see a cat.
More of a pig-cat.
Kind of brilliant.
She's brilliant.
Okay.
Pardon me.
Let's do it.
- Do what?
- Foster her.
I know we decided
not to have kids.
but this feels like fate.
Yeah. No. it does.
Are y... are you sure
you're all right with this?
Yeah. I-I-I mean. I'm terrified.
but I can run into
burning buildings.
[knock on door] I can do this.
Of course you can.
This is gonna be great.
- Yes.
- This is gonna be so great.
Yes.
Both: Hi.
- Come in.
Hi.
- Great news.
John. Bailey. this
is Don Hughes.
Anna's uncle from Tampa.
- Oh. great to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
He's gonna take Anna
to live with him.
That's... that's fantastic.
Yeah.
Thank you so much for
taking care of her.
Oh. no. of course. Yeah.
- She's amazing.
- Yeah. she's been great.
♪
Hey. sweetheart.
How you doing?
- Aw.
- Aw. Fantastic.
This is goodbye. so
high fives. little one.
Bye. sweetie.
Yeah. [Laughs softly]
Let me get her
settled in the rental.
I'm gonna head right
to the airport.
- Okay.
- Come on.
- [chuckles]
- Ready?
♪
You both did an amazing job.
I can't thank you enough.
[somber music]
♪
You okay?
No.
Yeah. me too.
Damn it.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-